Project Zero is a simple example of how to apply
the results of a predictive model to help make a decision.
We'll come back to this project later,
and you'll have a chance to build a model yourself
and even improve it with the skills you learn in the first course.
In the next segment,
you'll learn a useful framework for taking a business problem,
from problem definition to presenting results.
You'll also learn the all important skill of
selecting the right model or methodology for a problem.
And lastly, you'll dive into linear regression models.
For the project, you'll be given a business problem and some data.
You'll go through the problem solving framework on your own,
build a linear regression model,
and then use the results to provide a recommendation.
Take a look at the project overview and description before you go through the course.
It will give you a good sense of the goal of the course. Good luck.